# OpenID Connect flows



<table><thead><tr><th width="190">Flow</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Code</td><td><p>Client obtains an authorization code.</p><p>The code is exchanged for an access token.</p><p>Access token grants access to protected resources.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Token</td><td>Client directly receives an access token, bypassing the need for an authorization code.</td></tr><tr><td>ID Token</td><td>Only retrieves an ID token containing user information, without providing access to protected resources.</td></tr><tr><td>ID Token + Token</td><td>Retrieves both an ID token and an access token, providing user information and access to protected resources simultaneously.</td></tr><tr><td>Code + ID Token</td><td>Begins with obtaining an authorization code and an ID token, then exchanges the code for an access token, offering both user data and resource access.</td></tr><tr><td>Code + Token</td><td>Similar to the Code flow but also directly provides an access token alongside the authorization code, skipping the need for an additional token exchange.</td></tr><tr><td>Code + Token+ ID Token</td><td>Combines features, providing an authorization code, an ID token, and an access token in a single process, offering comprehensive user data and access to protected resources.</td></tr><tr><td>None</td><td>This flow doesn't utilize OIDC. It's typically used when the client has direct access to user credentials for authentication, without involving OIDC protocols.</td></tr></tbody></table>
